feat(store): add working hash (#15712)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: store/CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - [#15712](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/15712) Add the `WorkingHash` endpoint to get the current app hash before commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (store) [#15712](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/15712) Add `WorkingHash` function to the store interface  to get the current app hash before commit.
```

> - (store) [#15712](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/15712) Add `WorkingHash` function to the store interface  to get the current app hash before commit.

Reviewer 2: We do not need to precise store as it is in the store changelog already.

Reviewer: oh true, forgot about this 
```suggestion
- [#15712](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/15712) Add `WorkingHash` function to the store interface  to get the current app hash before commit.
```
